Agentless docs overhaul + rename to Elastic Managed integrations (#7065)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/ingest/managed-integrations/cloud-connector-deployment.md

- CSPM: [CSPM on Azure](/solutions/security/cloud/get-started-with-cspm-for-azure.md); [CSPM on AWS](/solutions/security/cloud/get-started-with-cspm-for-aws.md)

::::{important}

> :applies_to: stack: preview =9.2

Reviewer: I see that this req has been removed post 9.2, but what would users do in pre 9.2 versions?

Author: Cloud connector authentication became available in 9.2 (per page-level `applies_to`), so this requirement is only valid for that version.

> In this version, to use cloud connector authentication for an AWS integration, your {{kib}} instance must be hosted on AWS. In other words, you must have chosen AWS hosting during {{kib}} setup. This is no longer required in later versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this version, to use cloud connector authentication for an AWS integration, your {{kib}} instance must be hosted on AWS. In other words, you must choose AWS hosting during {{kib}} setup. This is no longer required in later versions.
```

It's simpler and the meaning stays the same I think
